fix(xo-server,xo-web/pci): allow force reboot host after enabling/disabling PCI passthrough (#7687)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [Host/Advanced] Allow to force reboot PCI passthrough (PR [#7687](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7687))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Host/Advanced] Ability to force reboot a host if its VMs could not be evacuated after enabling/disabling PCI passthrough (PR [#7687](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7687))
```
